Add example with react integration (#31)
Rebilly/framepay-docs: docs/examples/react.md

### Using with ReactJS 
Supported versions: 14,15,16+  

> We have simple wrapper for ReactJS please take a look at [framepay-react](https://github.com/Rebilly/framepay-react)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We offer an easy-to-use wrapper component for ReactJS, called [framepay-react](https://github.com/Rebilly/framepay-react).
```

---

> If you want to use the framepay without the `framepay-react` package, you could take a look at the example [framepay-preact-direct-integration](https://codesandbox.io/s/framepay-preact-direct-integration-irbi4) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`framepay-react` is the easiest way to integrate framepay into your React project. However, if you prefer to use framepay directly, you can look at the example [framepay-preact-direct-integration](https://codesandbox.io/s/framepay-preact-direct-integration-irbi4) 
```
